What's up family How are you welcome
one more day to your favorite gossip channel
and if it's not your
favorite gossip channel Well I don't know why you
pay for the Internet but I hope you had
a spectacular and very
cool weekend I hope you enjoyed
yours and well I felt like recording
a video it's been a long time since I
recorded a video like this with a script not with a
lot of notes not with a lot of
worn notebook paper normally
lately I've been creating the content
on String if you don't follow me on Ariel
canijo and on tele salseo Javier canijo
for the kids tele salseo for my
honor Well I don't know what you're doing paying for the
Internet either or I mean I really don't
understand it I don't understand it okay I wanted to
make a video like this because it seems to me that
the interview that Raquel Mosquera gave on Saturday on
Sálvame Deluxe has
a lot to comment on and it deserved that I
go to the newspaper archives and that I
explain and analyze as fairly as
possible everything that was discussed
in those approximately two hours okay I
think  it was a little more in fact if we
remove the ads Maybe a
little less the issue is that this
interview has had the peculiarity
that it has raised a dust cloud it has
raised a lot of sand it has the
peculiarity that it has angered both
sides or rather really
angered the Pink Tide those who are
on Rocio Carrasco's side have gotten
angry with the television factory
because they say how is it possible that for
pay they are interviewing and giving a
voice to a person who has
actively contributed to the crushing of Rocio
Carrasco during all these years
poor thing no And of course now
my poor little ones of the fuchsia tide
realizing that the television factory
and Telecinco do not support Rocio Carrasco
because they believe her and because they believe that she is
an abused woman but they support her
because they have had to buy her story
by force because they have agreed with her
in exchange for withdrawing the
lawsuits that she and Fidel had filed against them
both against Telecinco and the
television factory and all of its
collaborators no and all this is a
business obviously the
television factory at any moment will make a
U-turn and we'll see where it comes out and on the
other hand it also has the
blue tide angry because the blue tide are the
opponents of Rocío Carrasco and they are the ones who have
been supporting Raquel
Mosquera during all these months in
each and every one of the episodes that she has been
crushed Because in each
episode Rocío Carrasco has been in charge
of crushing a member of her family or
ex-family and the blue tide has been
supporting Raquel Mosquera and now she
feels disappointed that Raquel
Mosquera is participating not in another
television program but directly
in Sálvame Or rather Estela Marineras or
rather things as they are this La Marinera
there are people who are saying that they think it is
fine that Raquel Mosquera
defends herself I also think it is
wonderful But we cannot deny that on
this occasion she is doing it for money
Raquel Mosquera has had the way that she
would have liked to demonstrate and
to defend herself and to deny Rocío
Carrasco and to defend herself  for example
both myself and all of our colleagues at
YouTube have always offered to have her
come and speak and respond to Rocio
Carrasco but we can't afford the fee
that Telecinco pays you and that whole
Telecinco thing is that it has more
reach than us is of no use to me because if we
had done the thing here of giving
Raquel Mosquera a voice it would have been echoed by
both Telecinco and the
gossip magazines and the press in other words it was
done by the TV factory because it is the one that
gave it the money and with this I
want to say to the blue tide with this I
want to say to the blue tide that in order
not to be disappointed by people what they
have to do is not expect anything from
people okay I'm already warning you that
each and every one of the characters
that have been crushed in each episode
that Rocio Carrasco has recorded, each and
every one of them will end up sitting on
television for money absolutely everything for
sure they all have a price some
higher and others lower I think that
the first to participate will be Raquel
Mosquera and then Amador
Mohedano will come we are going to analyze
the entire interview in depth So this video will
surely be  a little long But it's going
to contain a lot of newspaper archives that will
help you see everything very clearly
or at least to understand my
opinion of course you have the
comments box to debate with me and with
the entire community if you agree and
to express your opinion as long as it is
with respect the truth is that
sincerely I have to admit that
here we have seen a Raquel Mosquera
who was not in the least prepared
to feed from the wolf's mouth she has
had the perfect opportunity to
shut them up on many
occasions but as I tell you Raquel
Mosquera is not a person who is
in a condition or at least that
is what she has shown me she is not a
person who is in a condition
to defend herself and especially if you are not
prepared and especially if you have not seen
the docuseries my daughter even if you have not
seen it okay even if you have not seen it
how do you dare to sit on sálvame to defend your position and say that you have not seen the docuseries you have looked terrible as I was saying Raquel Mosquera has had the opportunity to shut them up in  a few occasions And to give them
a proper answer I'm
going to list a
few below 1 when they throw in her face that
Raquel Mosquera has vetoed
collaborators which seems to me a
huge mistake on Raquel Mosquera's part yes it
is true that if you do not feel
comfortable with some collaborators she
can veto them it seems completely
logical to me that she vetoes Belén Rodríguez Of
course because she is a person who
has been sued for having insinuated that she
worked at night on something or other
but I can't believe that she
vetoes for example José Antonio Avilés I
mean why do you veto Avilés if he can't
have less credibility than him
therefore Raquel Mosquera yes it is true
that she has looked a little bad in the
public eye for having vetoed collaborators
but it seems very funny to me that Jorge
Javier throws it in her face that Rocío Carrasco
never Beta collaborators that she has never
vetoed anyone If you want and if you don't
let them I don't force anyone absolutely
right
but of course when someone
imposes There must be a reason for being a man when
you protect so much  a person has to
protect themselves very well that
thing about Rocio Carrasco never vetoing
anyone I have to believe it or rather I have to
have an act of faith as well not
only that we had dinner at maltratadas
but that she has not vetoed anyone I will
forgive me if I am wrong but I
directly do not remember having seen
sitting in any of the debates that
Rocio Carrasco did after the
docuseries any of the people who
are the opposing voices of Rocio
Carrasco How could it be Angela portero
Jesús Manuel Ruiz Kiko Matamoros well
Kiko Matamoros is now changing his
jacket a little it is not that Rocio
Carrasco does not veto anyone it is that
directly you all who have not
agreed with Rocio Carrasco was going
to buy the story you fire them from
work allow me to remind you of the
mess Carlota corredera Antonio Montero got into
if Antonio Montero does not leave the set I will
leave because he dared to believe that
Rocio Carrasco is a bad mother or when
Miguel frigenti himself stated  in a policeman
who supported Rocio Carrasco so he could
go to work more days save me or rather
your own collaborators knew that they
had to be on Rocio
Carrasco's side if not they would freeze her out so you're going to
allow me to disagree a little with that
Rocio Carrasco has vetoed she hasn't
vetoed in fact I think you are the
biggest vetoers in Spain and the most
censorious as Alberto Domenech has told us
or the programs are missing to be broadcast
in black and white to
appear on the node Jorge Javier
Raquel Mosquera accusing him of
vetoing collaborators when
last week we had Rocio Carrasco
telling him Alberto Mené keep quiet you're
more handsome or in this same interview he
tried to intimidate Rosa Villacastín
on Twitter I mean not even for having
different opinions on her program for
tweeting on her Twitter account Rosa
Villacastín on her Twitter account
was saying things like Jorge Javier you
are being abducted by Rocio Carrasco Raquel
Mosquera be careful Like nobody Pedro
Carrasco interviews
Raquel Mosquera many times and Pedro  Carrasco I never
paid them a euro you can say the
same about Rocío Carrasco's appearances
on Telecinco I mean the woman
isn't saying anything bad giving her opinion from
your freedom of expression Jorge that's
An institution and take with all
his balls the guy who is criticizing
that the other one veto collaborators and for the
interview to stir this chicken I didn't know
casting for all the respect I have for you
up there
for all the respect I have for you because
respect is my directional you
respect me I respect you this
lady says on Twitter Rosa villacastín
Jorge Javier Vázquez you are abducted by
Rocío Carrasco Raquel mosquera has
taken care of Pedro Carrasco like nobody else Rosa
don't include me in your stories It
seems to me that I have been
defending my professionalism for many years so that
now you from your house are there with your little
finger because you're bored And with these
stories respect is two-way
respect me Rosa respect me because there are
many people who have me up to the most
absolute noses and I keep quiet out of
politeness they
have her up to her nose Alba's mother
Carrillo for having reported him
also asked for his dismissal risk okay
also asked for his dismissal Paloma García
Pelayo to defend Rocío Carrasco
but she put him in a nice compromise with
the issue of Pepe Navarro we already released a video
in its day of that thing which many of
you do not have with me and you have
no kind of respect have you understood me have you
truly understood me for you Rosa villacastín
sometimes you should stick with that slogan
of the pandemic stay at home
stay at home
or in other words he is trying to intimidate you not to tweet don't
tweet I
love it because he was very offended
because Rosa villacastín told him that he
is abducted by Rocío Carrasco and a few
minutes later during the interview
in one of Kiko
Matamoros' interventions that at least look we had
there not a voice completely contrary
not to Rocío Carrasco but at least
someone who gives a little voice to
information that is not completely blinded
and look what Jorge says here like
Matamoros
the truth is what happens to you is  that you are
abducted well possibly I am abducted
at night sea cloth going back a
little with the things that that mosquera couldn't answer that I
already told you So since you're
going You're already in the interview
at least be prepared to
take advantage of the fact that you're there to shut them
up and to expose many things that ca
n't be exposed and that controllers
who are there don't dare because they're
intimidated because it's the
job if you're there at least
answer well no so another of the
things that she couldn't answer in which
Raquel mosquera affirms that they
let Rocío Carrasco's lies pass because of
the ratings you have been
putting up my videos since this morning there
are many lies that she doesn't tell
the truth Rocío Carrasco that you let them
pass only because of the ratings issue
the newspaper archives have shown in many
things
because of the ratings issue I mean it seems
stupid to me on the part of Raquel
mosquera to tell Jorge there look at the
opportunity that she had eh pay attention to what I'm
going to tell you tell Jorge that they
support Rocío Carrasco and that they
allow her lies because
audience issues when the audiences of
Sálvame in the last year and a half are
[ __ ] and you're going to forgive me for the
word but they are [ __ ] let's see that we have already
explained it on many occasions they are
not under a bridge
obviously but they are half of what they
were, I mean they are half the drop in
audience if they went back I
think they would think about seeing negotiated
with Rocío Carrasco the pupuserie because they have
fallen or rather what it is in audience they have
fallen it has harmed them if Raquel
Mosquera already Taking advantage of the fact that she earned a
good amount of money she had worried about
preparing well the interview would have
been the perfect moment to
answer Jorge Javier in the middle of Prime Time you
allow Rocío Carrasco to
lie and you pass on the lies to her because
according to the sentence that you have lost
Antonio David you made some
out-of-court agreements with Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel in which you agreed to all this about
the docuseries in exchange for the
withdrawal of all the lawsuits and
compensation that they obtained
this would have been  a
brutal response from Raquel
Mosquera who didn't know how to give and said something
stupid because for the audience it's the
truth if it were for the audience I think
they would go back two years there
was also a moment in which
Jorge Javier could have shut his mouth
in a brutal way at another moment when they
are mentioning the subject of
lies there is a moment in which they are
arguing about who lies more he acted
as if it were a fight no when we all
know parts and that everyone
lies the issue is who is right
not everyone is going to fix their own and Jorge
Javier doesn't even know how to answer
when they face him and ask him to
tell him come on what lied I come on tell me
a lie that I have told many
lies innumerable lies and in
innumerable lies the same well
come on for example what about the feces
what about the partition something else
in what sense what about the feces what
lie
finish what about the night what happened that
night because it's not interesting I remember
again the memories
remind me of a time when I was doing
a debate with a liar and I caught him
lying live he was
trying to tell me that I
they were lying I don't know what I put on him I put the documentation in his face and he said it doesn't work it doesn't work super locked away he reminds me exactly of that character No in fact he is the same type of characters the point is that they are trying to defend a false mantra in which Raquel Mosquera is a
liar and she has lied a lot when in
reality Raquel Mosquera will be caught out in
a couple of quite
silly contradictions and she has been caught out in something that is
not true quite silly and
quite minor too that we will see
now okay of course I will cover
everything but they are not things that harm
the story and that prove Rocío
Carrasco right in anything the issue of the feces
that we will now discuss subject That is the
word of one against the other and there it has
not been proven under any
circumstances that one lies to the other
here it is already an act of faith and in the matter of
the distribution of the inheritance Well here
we have a video on the main channel
with a judicial expert I recommend that you
watch it because in that video it is quite
clear that they did to Raquel  a little or it
seems that they did her a little bit of a
trick, she didn't come out very well in
that distribution and here I would have known how to
answer Jorge Javier at the moment he
would have told me tell me a single
lie that I have told I would have
told him like 27 Like for example
last year they showed him a video in his face they showed him
a video in his face in which
Jorge Javier was messing with the
elderly because of these gentlemen who are about to
die
these gentlemen these gentlemen these
gentlemen who are about to die who
are about to
meet God
and Saint Peter no They could dedicate themselves to
sowing good and love the water
before they take him to the Holy field some the
sign of death on his face This video
in which Jorge is messing with his
own audience who are
elderly people not the people who watch save me
mostly the public well they are
elderly people they are not seniors there is
nothing wrong with that like that no but
anyway even if it is not his
audience you do not have to address
the elderly like that not on
television in the afternoon or  be telling
the elderly that they are To
shut up that they are very close to death
no when Jorge was accused
This video and the tweets
in which they criticized him for this video went viral
Jorge Javier began to say that this
video was fake that it was a montage by
Vox that they had taken the video and
edited it and put other
words in his mouth or rather literally Jorge
Javier invented that nonsense following
that argument Jorge Javier starts to
act indignant and starts
jumping around the set when Raquel
Mosquera mentions to him that they have been
giving biased information both in the documentary and
in their program blinded information
or rather
Jorge really
[ __ ] [ __ ] when when when there
Raquel Mosquera had the
perfect opportunity to have told him when are you going to
give the news that they have filed
Rocío Carrasco's famous complaint that she
filed against Olga Moreno and Belén Esteban for
revealing Secret the final was not a
revelation of the secret or anything
when are you going to give the news that Olga
Moreno has beaten her  the two
civil lawsuits for the right to honor that Rocío
Carrasco filed against her when You are going to
break the news that Rocío Carrasco has
been charged with alleged
family abandonment and they are asking for a year you
are not a media outlet you are not a
news outlet you are a fan club
of Rocío Carrasco I am the servants of
Rocío Carrasco you only give
biased information everything that is negative for
Rocío Carrasco you do not deal with it So it is
no longer saying that you debate it that you
try to clean it up No no it is that you
directly ignore those issues regarding
the lies and contradictions that
Raquel Mosquera has in her story that I
already tell you that she has not done well and she
has not defended herself well and this interview
has taken away quite a bit of credibility I am
going to expose to you what I find in the
first place the fact of participating
in an interview at the
television factory in sálvame deluxe is already a
contradiction as such this that you are
seeing on screen is a tweet that
Raquel Mosquera has  shared on her
Twitter where she criticizes that no one collaborates
with a television production company that
denigrates women okay so Raquel
mosquera participating in the deluxe is
collaborating with that same production company that
denigrates women and in fact with the
same presenter and with the same
program apparently Raquel mosquera
was called for two months to
go to sálvame and it took her
two months to go I think to
try to fatten the check here in this
video that we are going to watch we find
another lie from Raquel mosquera and
this can't be a mistake okay
when I entered the bedroom I found my
child lying in bed covered
immediately I called the
emergency services thinking that he could have
suffered a heart attack but that he hadn't
died I called my brother who was the
first family member to come my that you
just heard Well the same text
in the statement in which Raquel mosquera
pronounces a few words after the death
of her of her husband not of Pedro Carrasco
and now we are going to listen to what she said
last night I found my husband I started as
soon as I saw it you can  imagine
screaming that since I had left the
door open the neighbor came in that
she loves me That person to family to The
professionals the ambulance I didn't call
anyone I didn't call anyone no in one
version it says that she didn't call anyone that it
was the neighbor who called and in the
statement she said that she called the
emergency services and her brother
this is a lie in which you can't be
wrong you can be wrong about the
color of shirt you were wearing that
day but when you are remembering
facts you can't fall for lies This
is the same thing that we criticize Rocío
Carrasco for when you are remembering
facts You simply have to remember
what You have lived and you tell it as is
when you fall into contradictions because you
are lying and then the details don't
always come out the same then for
me another lie and also completely
unnecessary and Absurd is when she tells
Jorge Javier Vázquez that she has stopped
following Raquel on Instagram because
now they are friends with Rocío Carrasco no
no those games What's wrong with me that
you don't laugh anymore
Well she says it's on Instagram with me
no more  Rocio Carrasco No, if you want to do it
and hit low blows, I have learned that it
is not only a lie that could be a
completely absurd lie, it is
nonsense. In fact, no, it is not that it is super
important but it is a lie but the
problem is that later when they catch him
lying and they tell him but you just made it
up no because you could have made a
mistake no. The problem is that when they
catch him lying Look at what he says, I
no longer follow you on Instagram because I am
friends with Rocio Carrasco but I have
looked at my Instagram and I follow you because you
lie that is why I told you that since you
followed me you laughed with my videos and with my
things
that now it is not proof that I
still follow you okay but that I do not care, I
mean, don't want to start Now to get
nervous no no no no no I do not understand
you that you have stopped following me you have not
said that you
know when he just said it in the middle of a
live or for example this other lie
with Jimmy Jimenez Arnaund which is the one that
provokes the confrontation that
we will now discuss and this lie does
seem a little more serious to me because it points to
a person  of having said something that he has
n't said and also so ugly Well yes, he would
be quite so-so eh Raquel
sorry,
supposedly he said that Pedro was
homosexual okay
that before our relationship he
would have affirmed that Pedro Carrasco was
homosexual here we have an extract from the
program Hormigas Blancas where it is
supposed that Jimmy had said that but we are
also going to talk to you later about the
alleged homosexuality of Pedro
Carrasco
And then they say the guy who is him then the
guy who comes out of the closet that a
world champion from Spain
and not only is it a lie but now I
have another extract here for you Pedro
Carrasco makes some surprising
statements in 10 minutes It is not true
that you left Rocío for a man the
journalist comments to him there are amazing
rumors about the real reason for your
separation you know what I mean
unfortunately they have reached my ears
and they have hurt me a lot people claim
that I have left Rocío for a man it is
an outrage I am not involved with any
guy at the time I already explained the
reasons for our decision days
later Rocío declares Pedro is not
homosexual he is a man and a great
person
watch out for the headline  eh Rocio Jurado you have
read it in another way but let's go the
real headline was Rocio Jurado Pedro is not
a homosexual he is a man and a great
person a man and a great person eh so he
is not homosexual that's eh
these rumors about Pedro Carrasco Look
Pedro was a gentleman of the sport
Spanish sport and he was a gentleman in
life we ​​​​have always said that it coincides with
when Pedro retired from boxing and the
great advance of success of this woman
especially in America and Pedro has to
swallow all the rumors you start
telling at the beginning
nothing the rumors in a
quite
clear way because that's how the rumors of the
[ __ ] began today mind you but Pedro never had
a homosexual relationship he had great
friends with whom in those stages of
Soledad he lived with them but neither the
friends nor he had anything to do with
homosexuality
the way the way the truth is the
way of denying it leaves much to be
desired but being honest the truth
Jimmy denies it or rather he really didn't say
that now I'm going to return to the subject of the
fight with Jimmy Jimenez arnado but here
I want to make a clarification that
seems very important to me in many
occasions what is  They do it in these
programs, no, and what we have seen
throughout the entire documentary by Rocio
Carrasco are manipulations and second
readings of things that may
or may not have happened, or legally there is
a sentence that means this, that
means that. But they have a
second intention, okay. For example, what I
think is mainly what
hurts Rocio the most about Raquel
Mosquera is not how badly she may have
ended up pink with the inheritance issue
or anything like that. What I think hurts Rocio the most about
her fight
in her Crusade with Raquel Mosquera is how
bad it looks when Raquel Mosquera
tells about the fight she had with her father or
that she supposedly had with her father. I
caught you when I told you the other day, darling,
let's go, but what I didn't tell you is that
when we were leaving, she said to me that son of a [ __ ] I'll
never see her again in my life,
this son of a [ __ ] I'll never see her again
in my life. This is tremendous, okay, or rather,
according to Raquel Mosquera. Her daughter is giving her
father a hard time.  they hadn't spoken to each other for a year
and when they get together at the
house according to rociíto what's happening is a
reconciliation there are many people who have
denied this now we will move on to that topic
but Raquel mosquera what she says is
something completely regrettable on the
part of Rocío Carrasco and she treats her father
like a rag that puts Fidel on a
high note not everything I have I have
thanks to this one who is here and you have to
pay homage to him and this
shameful spectacle for Rocío
Carrasco is very ashamed that it has been
told Rocío Carrasco has
even filed four lawsuits against Raquel
mosquera for telling the same thing Okay now
we will also talk about the lawsuits against
Rocío Carrasco I think that this is the
story that hurts her the most of everything that
Raquel mosquera has told Rocío
Carrasco wants to deny this story by
any means they use
Raquel mosquera's resignations they use the
contradictions and the absurd lies that
Raquel
mosquera may have fallen into to discredit this story
that this story well now each one of
you  you can believe it or not, I
personally personally believe that it is
true, I mean, I believe that it is
almost 100% true, going back to the subject of
the fight that he had with Jimmy Jiménez
Arnau, the moment that Raquel launches
this accusation towards Jimmy Jiménez Arnau,
Jimmy excites you and calls her a pig
live on air, the moment that Jimmy
calls Raquel a pig, he calls a lady live on
air, we can now see what
kind of character this is and we can
discover a little bit and place ourselves in the type
of program that we are in, That is the
level, there is no more, it is worth remembering
that Enrique del Pozo
recently told when he was
fired from Telecinco again Because while he has been
working at Telecinco, he
has kept quiet about it, Enrique del Pozo has told of
an episode in which Jimmy Jiménez
Arnau apparently attacked him on
a program by María Teresa Campos and that
both María Teresa Campo and her two
daughters tried and asked Enrique
del Pozo not to report it and not to
say anything, they hid, according to Enrique, an
attack by this man from Jimmy Jiménez
Arnau, just because of the way he
addresses people and the way he speaks, I mean,
I've heard him say
on many occasions, "filth," "kindergarten," it
seems like a torrent of journalism. Okay, it
seems like a torrent. Did you remember the
movie "Torrent"? Well, that's how this
man talks. However, when Pipi Estrada got him fired up, he
ran right there, eh, he
ran right through the hallways. The program
forces Jimmy to apologize to
Raquel Mosquera in order to continue with
the interview and it leaks behind the
camera how Jimmy calls her again a
pig. But anyway, they continue with the
interview because Raquel doesn't understand
this, she'll have found out by the time she got
home. Here too, I have to be
honest with you. Okay, I have to tell the pure
truth. It seems logical to me that Raquel
Mosquera demands an apology and that she is
offended because they call her a pig. But
honestly, on her Twitter account she
has the following: Okay, or for something
else, you dare to make fun of
overweight people like me.
There is the tweet. There I put it for you.
Raquel Mosquera opens it tweeted. You
think I am.  Peggy you called yourself a
mosquera and I've checked it and it's true
okay Raquel Mosquera has it on her
Twitter account she has liked it she has
liked this tweet when you
like this type of publication on Twitter it
not only means that
you agree and that you like it but
that you share it with your followers okay
Raquel Mosquera this same year she has
been liking it even sharing on
her networks a tweet where they called
Pilar Vidal and in all honesty
Also apart from the fact that this seems
shameful to me okay in all honesty
many of the people that I'm seeing
on networks getting offended because they have
called Raquel Mosquera a pig in her
YouTube videos and on their
Twitter accounts they have called Pilar Vidal
Mrs. Potts okay So if we ask for
respect for some people let's
ask for it for everyone does it seem to you going back to
the fight that
Rocío supposedly had with her father in which
her father left the house doing
that with the car on the road out of
anger he got into we have to
remember that Rocío Carrasco says that
all of that was different That yes she had been there for
a year  without speaking to her father
because her father couldn't stand Fidel but
that at that meeting they reconciled
Nobody believes this
Nobody believes this because it doesn't square with
reality and many people have come out to
deny it Like for example our friend
Paco de Narváez who has been on
this channel on the Hablando
Claro channel and has been with us on
Thursdays in our talk show has said
that a week before he was with Pedro
Carrasco and Pedro Carrasco had not
reconciled with his daughter he
denies the same thing for example journalists of the
caliber of Marisa Martín Blázquez daughter They
never made peace my Pedro
tells me the following that he left there
very upset because he had a big
fight with his daughter and that he left there
very nervous very scared giving him the
feeling that it was an
irrecoverable relationship What's more I believe that what
Marisa is saying is
completely true just as I believe what
Paco de Narváez said but I'm going
to tell you more I'm going to put you right now
an extract from Sálvame that last night Sálvame
they forgot okay they got
amnesia and they forgot I invite
Alejandro Morales to dinner Raquel
Pedro Nacho Alejandro Morales public
from that time Okay so from
that time what Pedro told me
that night was the same the same and also he did
n't dramatize it because he wouldn't stop
crying
the same as cotorraquela here the same
okay or so according to Victor Sandoval who has
been at a dinner with Pedro Carrasco
who was there says that he told him the same thing
Also I don't know if he conveys the same thing to you as he does
to me But the words
of Victor Sandoval on this occasion do not
convey to me that he is telling the truth he
is saying it with a
forcefulness that the truth convinces me the
same thing
imagine he asked me to tell
Rocio Carrasco something and that he asked you something
that I told her and I'm not going to
say it here first out of respect for Rocio who I
also love very much in the
end he ends up telling it okay I'm going to
move it forward because in the end he does
tell it okay And what he tells seen
Sandoval here is that Pedro Carrasco
asks him that when he meets Rocio
Carrasco, tell him to please call
her father, okay, but
I want to ask you, Pedro, he told
you, my daughter has broken my heart,
the phone
and pay attention to the answer that Rocio
Carrasco supposedly gives to Victor
Sandoval, okay, the truth is that the
answer was unpleasant and we had
a moment What did he say to you, it
was unpleasant to repeat, but not only take into
account because I did not know, nice
[ __ ], come on, but come on at that moment,
this click, they forgot to save me, they
could have put it on last night, but they
found click of all the
years except this one, okay, if there is one thing that I
firmly believe, it is that Rocio, both with
this documentary and with the previous one, has not
done any favors to her parents,
her mother, Rocio Jurado, or her father,
Pedro Carrasco. In fact, I think that her
intention was to leave them in a bad light,
her mother left her like a coward who
allowed herself to be manipulated and blackmailed,
not only by Ortega Cano but
also by Antonio David and  now she's
calling her father a drunk and also a
liar because on several occasions she
claims that her father lied to the press about
the adoption, in other words, she claims
that he didn't want to have children but that he
deceived Raquel Mosquera so that she
would want illusions believing that they were going to
adopt and I don't know what and that they also
made up stories with the press pretending
that they were adopting children
to profit, that is, look at you, it seems that
Rocío Carrasco is telling this supposedly
to hurt Raquel because Raquel
wanted to have children and Pedro Carrasco No
but in truth she is making her
father look bad and on top of that she makes him look like a drunk
Because while Raquel Mosquera
is referring to what she was doing like
the upset not that he left
Rocío's house because broken not from pain
and so on Rocío Carrasco claims that her
father not only drank but that Raquel
Mosquera knew what he was going through And how
much he owed because she
served it herself there is a wonderful moment
wonderful in quotes okay I
also want to comment on this video and
above all I want to add a little light
and open your eyes  a little bit because I think
there are people who didn't realize
this when they aired this episode in
Rocio's name because it's just that
very little has been said about what I'm going to
show you okay It turns out that there was a
moment when Carmen arrived last night showing off her
support for Rocio
Carrasco and putting on a medal she bursts
onto the set saying the following
Antonio Montero come on I would have no
empathy with someone who has
sat down on a television set to
say that their daughter is
responsible for her father's death that empathy cannot be had this is manipulation okay I'm going to explain this manipulation and I'm going to explain it to you very well and I want you to understand me okay [Applause] Carmen Borrego Just like Rocio Carrasco in her day they claim that when
Raquel Mosquera tells the episode of
Pedro Carrasco fighting with his daughter she
claims that Rocio Carrasco is
responsible for her father's death
this is a complete lie this is a
complete falsehood Raquel Mosquera does not
say that at any time what you say
the next thing I'm going to put to you
continuation okay but they
face each other again for the reasons
they heard to that he was driving
doing feces the way you see that you are
going to crash at any moment and a
few days later my husband died it
was on the road doing zigzags and a
few days later he died or rather Pedro
Carrasco I think he died like two
weeks after he was doing that with the car
on the day of the argument I don't know if it was
a week and a half ten days I don't
remember okay but he didn't die the day
after the argument what Raquel
Mosquera is saying there is that along
the way he was being that that happened to him a
lot of people it's not a matter of drunks okay
Rocio Carrasco wants to call her father
a drunk but it's not because he is drunk he was
doing feces because he was
upset and many times you go running whatever it
is it hasn't happened to many people not
because Rocio Carrasco wants
people to believe or wants to claim that
Raquel Mosquera has insinuated that because
Rocio Carrasco is suing Raquel
Mosquera for that okay because she is
suing her because if Raquel Mosquera
had really said that she could
lose a lawsuit for  violate Rocio
Carrasco because in some way you're
blaming someone for the death of a
person no And what is
Rocio Carrasco's intention by winning those lawsuits Rocio Carrasco's
intention by winning those
lawsuits would be to deny the episode that
Raquel Mosquera tells if Raquel
Mosquera lost the lawsuits Rocio would
n't say that she lost it because of
the feces Rocio would sell it as if she
lost it because of the entire episode
because of the entire story you got it
from before
[Applause] he
arrived home and we already got up
How is he going to have empathy son Why did
n't Rocio sue her Because the one who
sued
one of her best friends the one who knows
everything la borrego doesn't know if Rocio has
sued her who believes that Carmen
borrego Of course you know if Rocio has
No of course you know beautiful Rocio
filed 4 lawsuits against Raquel Mosquera for
those statements 4 Look if you
know that this click that I'm showing you on the screen belongs to a program from the television factory but in  telemadrid in
fact the presenter is David valdepera
the director of sálvame your father has
hit the hairdresser in the form of
not one nor two nor three but in the form of
four bands 4 lawsuits filed by
Rocío Carrasco when you file a
lawsuit for the same statements
Although Raquel mosquera has made it in
four programs you file a lawsuit and they
include the four programs and they put in the
compensation that is but you file
one when you file four lawsuits it's
because you know that you are rich and she is
not and you want to suffocate financially
Because while those lawsuits are
resolved and not Raquel mosquera has to
pay the lawyer and then you will
pay the costs or don't you understand me in
fact one of the things that raque said
in the interview yesterday is that arrocito cannot have
anything seized because
his name supposedly has nothing
Look if they know that there are four
lawsuits on sálvame that its own
director has the information and Carmen
alcaide but look more that the
telecinco website itself we can't  come across
this article ok in which it is
stated that Rocío has already lost two of those
four lawsuits two have already been
dismissed and the other two are being appealed
and apparently Rocío is
claiming that she is an anonymous person do you
remember that Rocío asked for anonymity
when she retired from television but
then lost it when she returned to
television, Rocío's defense is
linking that she is an
anonymous person to defend those lawsuits and
she is going to lose that too ok
anyway also if she has already lost the
other two lawsuits that are for the
same people for the same stories she is going to
lose the other two ok look at the
information closed as it is look at how
Sálvame wants to hide these
sentences from you she
filed 4 lawsuits and she is losing them she
has already lost two and the other two are about to
fall in fact, to be honest
for me Raquel Mosquera at no
time insinuates that Pedro Carrasco
died because of Rosita however
one thing that is almost not being
mentioned either and I don't know why
because it seems like a scandal to me and it
seems like a scandal  that Raquel Mosquera
is sitting there after this in the
episodes of Rocío,
something similar was insinuated about Raquel Mosquera,
first of all, they seem like too many
explanations to me. Here she is commenting on
the statement that Raquel
Mosquera wrote and she says that they seem like
too many explanations for something that was
never asked for,
for something that was never asked for or
speculated on, she knows, in other words, she is as she is, as if
wanting to, she gives to understand, an
unasked-for excuse, an obvious accusation. My father
died of a heart attack and everyone
knew he had died, they seem like
too many explanations to me and at least it
seems curious to me that they seem like
too many explanations and at least it seems
curious to her what do you think she is
insinuating here and especially when
minutes before she said the following the
director of the program asks her, was an
autopsy performed on your father, was an
autopsy performed on your father, a
question that has absolutely no
preparation, okay, as if the
questions weren't already passed, okay,
your father. No, why? Why?
[Music]
and leaves the ball bouncing, for me, here they did
insinuate something terrible, what's
going on  it's clear that here we are talking
about the ping pong ball no both are
making ugly accusations by the way
but you have to have balls to not bring
this up in last night's interview, I mean I'm
already telling you that Raquel Mosquera
was not at all prepared and she didn't know how to get
anything out of it because this seems very
serious to me and look regarding the
Antonio David issue, well I was already saying it
on the telesarseo channel last night no I don't
want to go into much more detail
they want to sell a false mantra by the nose
in which in the docuseries
everything has been totally accredited with
papers I'm not going to explain to you again that
the papers that they presented in the
docuseries do not accredit at any
time the stories or all the stories
that Rocío Carrasco tells the papers
are papers are papers and they are also closed they don't show
you all the papers and the
papers do not prove what she wants them to
prove okay I'll explain it better
in this clip that I'm going to put
below when you normally make
a documentary or you want to put something
want to tell something then normally they
show papers that have evidence okay
but prove evidence  that you apply it and you
come to the conclusion that she
is not lying No when you are a
victim of a group you do
not need that much you have to
present papers so that they can say
another can deny has presented papers
okay First of all with an agreement that
many people but with an agreement with the
television factory in which they took
away the claims and the
compensations in exchange for everything that
we have seen papers damn so that
we put the documentary let's not
make a documentation documentary can you
bring papers to fill out this
documentary papers papers for the
documentary right now look at how much paper
a bunch of papers papers
and another identical paper Look the same
both so you can see that it is not a lie the
same version always woman victim of
gender violence who has presented
papers someone someone denies it has
presented papers literally you
go to a fuchsia right now and tell her
no difference there is
nothing to prove a
physical aggression to what she calls abuse is that
father of her children television
counting
months speaking ill of him made a
political attempt in which she will be the one discharged
alone because by escape the clinic is not
true that with all the nationality in the
world and it  first to answer you but
papers have been presented let's say
and on the subject that they are throwing in
Raquel Mosquera's face that if she gets along she
doesn't get along with Antonio David I will go into
more depth in another video and on
tele salseo as well but I wanted to comment
on this one simply four sentences okay
one rejected referring to Rocío Flores
a therapy so that mother and daughter could
get closer in positions okay and they
blame Antonio David that Antonio David
rejected this not Antonaviera the father and he
had to
adjust his face no and start signing the
decisions of the minor no the minor did not
want to talk to the mother under any
circumstances no and they are selling this as if
Rocío Carrasco had wanted to
get closer with her daughter but that her
daughter and her father refused no I have to
explain this more in depth on
tele salseo but point number one that
proposal included a boarding school okay that
proposal included that Rocío Flores
went to an internship and that there she would do
some therapies and that from time to time they would
meet with the mother okay
evidently they rejected it and two
apparently accepting therapies would be admitting to the
crime So if you are fighting in
a lawsuit and you believe that
the other party is not right and that you are
not to blame for the events, then you are not going
to admit to crimes, not two, the
documentary is available to everyone,
the documentary is not available to
everyone, you have made it
pay-to-view on my TV Plus, I just posted a
tweet in fact complaining because when I
had to go in now to check
some things that Rocio Carrasco said, I
found that you
have made the documentaries pay-to-view and on top of that they are
pay-to-view on my TV Plus, you
get advertising, which is something that
I understand When you pay, you
shouldn't get ads. But anyway, they
tell you that the children have been placed on the
covers for years, that is,
Rocio Carrasco showed him Antonio David is
the same Russian puppy Carrasco and Jorge
Javier claims that Antonio David has
used them to psychologically abuse
themother,
up to here the slander of Jorge Javier
that will surely be included in the
lawsuits that come against him and since he is a
millionaire he doesn't care and continues to
disgrace an innocent man  Okay
family, I'm going to leave the video here.
I hope that
my reflections are quite clear to you. I spend many
hours, really, I watch many hours
this afternoon analyzing everything, compiling
little things so that you have them. So I
ask you please at least to give it a
like. Okay, at least to give
the video a like, it's completely free. A
huge kiss and we'll see each other in the next
video. If you support this one, well, it will probably
be very soon.
Goodbye family.
[Music]